## Everything you need to store your hosted build to Soterus

This is the most complexe setup as you will ask Soterus to store your build, but also provide a way to rollback your hosted app.

## What is going to happen
You will provide Soterus everything needed to construct a rollback Github workflow (including the project S3 bucket).
Soterus will:
- store the build that was just produced in the Vault
- check the available builds in the Vault for that specific combination (app/device/env)
- create/update the rollback worflow with the last 5 versions
- commit this workflow in the repository

## Providing all the parameters for the action

Actions available:
- store-folder-with-rollback

### The build parameters ("with" part in the action)
 - actionType: "store-folder-with-rollback"
 - version: <version of the build>                  (ie. "0.0.1")
 - appName: <name of the project>                   (ie. "Bell")
 - deviceType: <name of the device for this build>  (ie. "android")
 - environment: <name of the device for this build> (ie. "staging")
 - folderPath: <path where build files are>         (ie. "dist")

### The S3 parameters ("env" part in the action)
Because how Github actions works, you will need to provide:
- S3 accesses of Soterus where it will store your builds **
- S3 accesses of your project (you probably have this in place already)

#### Soterus S3 access
Because the Soterus action is executed in the scope of the project workflow,
you need to provide Soterus S3 access in the project GH secrets.
(!) reach out to admin of Soterus to setup GH secrets and vars for you

 - ARCHIVER_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: <(repo secret) Soterus AWS Access Key (can be the same as the project)>
 - ARCHIVER_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: <(repo secret) Soterus AWS Secret Key (can be the same as the project)>
 - ARCHIVER_BUCKET_NAME: <(repo var) Soterus S3 bucket>
 - ARCHIVER_S3_REGION: <(repo var) Soterus S3 bucket region>
 - ARCHIVER_ROOT_FOLDER: <(repo var) Soterus S3 bucket folder path (optional)>

#### Inform soterus about Project S3 access
This part is essential for Soterus to create the rollback workflow.
It need the info about the S3 access to upload the builds to S3 where builds are deployed:

 - PROJECT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_SEC: <the project AWS access KEYNAME in github secrets>
 - PROJECT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_SEC: <the project AWS secret KEYNAME in github secrets>
 - PROJECT_BUCKET_NAME: <(repo var) project S3 bucket>
 - PROJECT_S3_REGION: <(repo var) project S3 bucket region>
 - PROJECT_ROOT_FOLDER: <S3 path where the build is originally deployed> 

!!!!!! CAREFUL that you need to pass the KEY NAME of the AWS Access + Secret to the action.
Soterus will use it to build the path: `secrets.PROJECT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_SEC` and `secrets.PROJECT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_SEC` when creating the rollback workflow

for example: 
    env:
        PROJECT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_SEC: "BELL_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
        PROJECT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_SEC: "BELL_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"

Soterus will create the rollback workflow:
    env:
          PROJECT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.BELL_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
          PROJECT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${{ secrets.BELL_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}

So secrets are never passed in clear through the process.

Check the examples 3 times :)

## Don't forget the PAT
In order for Soterus to create the rollback workflow, dont forget the GITHUB_TOKEN

## Examples
- workflow with multiple hosted apps

